The Joe Rogan experience.
So tell me about your past. Like what, what about like, when you're saying,
going through the system, you mean the judicial system? Like what,
what about your past was a.
Yeah, I've been like in prison, stuff like that,
that three and a half years in prison. For what? For assault?
Aggravated assault straight.
That's weird.
Oh.
I'm.
Kidding. Well, you should've been at my courthouse.
You should've been in talking, telling them to the judge.
I would have said that.
To the judge, your honor. I think, I think this is a mistake. Yeah.
Yeah.
So three and a half years for that. And so people wrote you off,
they felt like this is just, you're just going to be trouble your whole life.
Yeah. Especially I had a full scholarship. I was already, I played the year.
I ended up getting probation for that.
I ended up playing a year of college at Kilgore dream college.
And I ended up violating because I didn't have a job.
And I had to pay my fines and fees and show up to my own
meetings, which no one wanted to help me on to do.
And so I ended up getting violated, um, from that.
And it was only a two year probation at the time justification.
And so no one wanted to help me go to my class and
help me pay my fines and stuff like that because I was in college, you know,
didn't have any money. And so they violated me.
I went to prison for on a five-year sentence,
but I got parole three and a half years.
So you went to prison because of the violation of not paying the fines. Yeah.
The, the, the feeling of being counted out by the system,
that's one of the main problems that most people have with our justice system.
They said it doesn't really rehabilitate people.
It makes people feel like there's no hope.
And in a lot of ways it makes them resign themselves to a life of crime.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Then it's really nothing. No, nothing.
They could really do to help somebody to re rehabilitate theirself. You know,
whenever they get out, there's no programs. They can really like jobs and stuff,
some jobs, but not really good paying jobs like that.
They really need to really survive out here.
From going from that to becoming a successful martial artist.
Like, and to be in, I know you don't think you practice martial arts,
but you definitely do to be a successful fighter. You've, you've,
uh, you've changed your future.
But I think you've also opened up a lot of people's eyes that maybe they can
change their future too, for guy like you can do it,
then what's the difference between you and a lot of other people.
Not much difference.
Yes.
My brother remind me of that all the time thinks he thinking that
the fighting is so easy because I could do it,
that he believed that he could do it. I'm telling you it's completely different.
It's not, it's your brother. Yeah. He's big. Yeah.
Can you fight.
Where you can find it in the streets? You know,
it's completely different fighting in the streets, mixed martial arts, but yeah,
in the streets he could fight. How old is your brother?
31. I'm recruiting them right now. How much does he weigh? What is he?
Where's he.
At? Oh, there we go.
My buddy shark though. You show you like five.
10 [Inaudible] yeah.
Yeah.
You can be short and still be the heavyweight champion of the world. I mean,
Mike Tyson too, you know? Yeah. But he's a,
is he interested in doing it?
Yeah, he is. But, um, I told him, no, you're not doing it.
Really. Yeah. Why?
Because my brother too ghetto, first of all,
they wouldn't the world wouldn't be able to handle someone like him really.
He's too outspoken. And he's real ghetto.
Man. I don't know if you can tell him to tone it down a little bit.
I tell him that every day,
whenever I talked to him and he always go on live and just want to be ghetto all
the time. So he can't be doing that. You gotta learn how to turn it off and on.
And he's like, no.
It's weird. being famous, isn't it? Oh yeah. Yeah. But for you,
I mean to, to come from being incarcerated,
not having a hope into being in this position now. And I mean,
I can only imagine it's gotta be completely surreal.
Surreal. That's what I said. It's like,
I really don't need to get high on nothing or drink anything,
but it's cool that it's a plus you know, the smoke a little weed here and there.
Yeah. Relax. Yeah. Took the edge off.
But does it give you more motivation to keep pushing to,
because you realize that what has been possible? I mean, you've,
you've done an amazing thing with your life.
Yeah. So they gave me a lot of motivations. Um, like,
cause I know how easy it is to slip up and go back into those situations.
Cause it was nothing but a street fight banded.
It ended bad for the guy I was going against and
ended up having to serve almost five years for. So it could still happen.
I can walk out of here and get into a street, fight with someone and be,
probably be way worse situation. You know?
I think you got better lawyers now I think,
but you're not, uh, you're, you're an easy going guy.
Now.
But you weren't back then.
Then I was just, I think I had a lot of anger built up in me.
I wish I still do now. But back then it was a lot more,
um, I believe it was just the way I was raised. You know,
wasn't showed that much love, you know,
in my household and just the family circle, you know,
I believe that's what led to a lot of my trouble in the streets.
That's a lot of young man. Yeah. Do you feel like, um,
you have a second chance with your children to show them love because you didn't
get that kind of love when you were younger.
Oh yeah, for sure. You know,
my kids is like completely different than how I was raised. You know,
I'm so happy that they're like making straight A's in school and making the
honor roll every, uh,
every year and getting already getting scholarships and stuff like that to go to
big colleges. And so it's like already,
as my life is already unbelievable as it is.
And just seeing that that's like making me so proud, so proud.
That's amazing, man. That's what everybody wants. Right.
What everybody wants is like a happy life where it all comes together.
And I think with a person like you,
you really appreciate it because it wasn't always like this.
So I, I, I tell people all the time, I don't regret.
I don't wish nothing like that. What happened?
I believe that I had to go through that situation to be a better person than I
am today. So it was like raising,
being raised without a father figure and stuff like that. I felt like to me,
everyone is different to me.
I felt like I had to go through that situation to be a better father,
be a better man here today. Because if not,
then I for sure would have been going in and out of there, you know.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.